Black Mountain Relief Hub
This repo is for creation and maintenance of a website for the Black Mountain Relief Hub, a collaboration between Black Mountain Volunteer Corps, Code with Asheville, and Code with the Carolinas.
Black Mountain Relief Resources Site : Volunteer Form and Community Resources
Black Mountain Relief Hub: https://bmtreliefhub.org/ Code with Asheville: https://www.codewithasheville.org/ Code with the Carolinas, a project of Social Good Fund: https://codewiththecarolinas.org/
Project description
The project aims to create an online resource for managing supplies and volunteers in Black Mountain, Swannanoa, and Eastern rural Buncombe County. The project is intended to be maintainable by volunteers in Black Mountain without relying on specialized technical skills.
 
The scope of the project is a well-documented static website based on HTML, CSS, and Airtable views.
 
The project is intended to meet immediate needs and should be closed and taken offline when it is no longer maintained.
Who this project is for
Anyone is welcome to submit issues or pull requests to the repository. However, in this local, community-centered disaster response and recovery setting, context is important. Contributors who are not connected with the collaborating organizations should keep that in mind when preparing their contributions. In this time sensitive setting, it has also not been possible to develop a detailed contributing guide sharing all of the context that might be expected for a more established open source project.
Instructions for using the Black Mountain Relief Hub
Opening the HTML in a browser or local server to view. The site code is contained within the html file with inline css. Please see below for Contributing guidelines.
Contributing guidelines
Contributing
Thank you for taking the time to contribute. We hope this document will improve your experience as a contributor by helping you understand the unique needs of our community, highlighting important resources, and providing general guidance.
Code of Conduct
The project is governed by the Code with the Carolinas Code of Conduct. By participating, you are expected to act in accordance with this code.
A Note Before Getting Started
Code with the Carolinas is a group of civic technology volunteers. We endeavor to provide a welcoming environment for contributors from a wide variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We also need to be resilient as volunteer availability changes. Accordingly, we emphasize
the use of free, open source software (FOSS)
low-tech approaches that avoid creating dependencies on particular people, skills, or software
clear and careful documentation, including code comments
accessible design over showiness
permission for use of images and names of contributors and volunteers
The final decision to accept code submissions rests with Black Mountain Volunteer Corps.
Important Resources
Taiga link for project management.
Advice for Contributors
Contributors are asked to submit clean, tested, and well-documented (commented) code keeping in mind the intended audience. If you have submitted a pull request that you know is not yet ready to be merged, mark it with a WIP tag for Work in Progress. If you have questions about your code, please invite feedback. We're a loosely organized group of volunteers eager to help when we can.
 
A few things to keep in mind that make the process easier for everyone involved.
 
Constructive feedback should be welcomed and specifically addressed.
Try to keep your changes small and focused.
Small changes are much easier for everyone to understand and reduce the risk of introducing defects.
If, while attempting to fix one issue, you find another unrelated issue please submit a separate issue or PR for it rather than one large PR.
Communicate often. You are welcome to use the Code with the Carolinas Slack workspace to
announce new issues or pull requests you create
solicit feedback
ask questions
notify the team of changes to existing issues or pull requests---
